Congrats on the marriage Cam!
Almost java 6!
Distantlands is an idea not a thing
I need fent
§1C§2o§3l§4o§5r§6m§7a§8t§9i§ac
I’m reading a book on anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down.
Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers? He will stop at nothing to avoid them.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
Why don’t some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don’t work out.
I would tell you a construction pun, but I’m still working on it.
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired.
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.
I told my computer I needed a break, and now it won’t stop sending me Kit-Kat ads.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
I’d tell you a chemistry joke, but I know I wouldn’t get a reaction.
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded? There was nothing left but de-brie.
Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn’t make enough dough.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
Why did the scarecrow become a successful neurosurgeon? He had a brain.
I don’t trust stairs because they’re always up to something.
Why can’t you give Elsa a balloon? Because she will let it go.
What’s a cow’s favorite instrument? The moo-sic.
Why don’t you ever see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it.
How does a scientist freshen her breath? With experi-mints.
I got hit in the head with a can of soda. Luckily, it was a soft drink.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
How does the ocean say hi? It waves.
I used to be a shoe salesman until I got the boot.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels.
I couldn’t remember how to throw a boomerang, but it came back to me.
I’ve just written a song about tortillas; actually, it’s more of a rap.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All of the fans left.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
I told my friend 10 jokes to get him to laugh. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
Why did the golfer bring an extra pair of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down.
What do you call a magic dog? A labracadabrador.
Why can’t your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
Why do bananas never get lonely? Because they hang out in bunches.
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant.
Why was the broom late? It swept in.
Why do bicycles fall over? Because they’re two-tired.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Why did the computer go to the doctor? Because it had a virus.
Why was the math book unhappy? It had too many problems.
What do you call a factory that makes good products? A satisfactory.
Why was the belt arrested? For holding up the pants.
Why do some couples go to the gym? Because they want their relationship to work out.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
Why don’t you play hide and seek with mountains? Because they peak.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
How do trees get online? They just log on.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems.
How do you catch a whole school of fish? With bookworms.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough.
I wanted to be a professional skateboarder, but I couldn't find my bearings.
Why was the calendar always invited to parties? Because it had a lot of dates.
I told a joke about a roof once; it went over everyone’s head.
What’s a skeleton’s least favorite room in the house? The living room.
Why did the barber win the race? He knew all the shortcuts.
Why do ghosts love elevators? It lifts their spirits.
I knew I was going to be an astronaut when I was a kid. I needed more space.
I couldn’t work out how to fasten my seatbelt. Then it clicked.
Why did the dog sit in the shade? Because he didn’t want to be a hot dog.
What did one plate say to the other? Lunch is on me.
Why don’t oysters donate to charity? Because they are shellfish.
How did the barber win the race? He knew all the shortcuts.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite.
Why did the scarecrow become a neurosurgeon? He was outstanding in his field.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels.
How does a scientist freshen her breath? With experi-mints.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
I told my computer I needed a break, and now it won’t stop sending me Kit-Kat ads.
How does the ocean say hi? It waves.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
I don’t trust stairs because they’re always up to something.
Brought to you by Treijim
Hail oh great lord Joshua